KnowledgeDistillation (#362)
Oneflow-Inc/models: KnowledgeDistillation/KnowledgeDistillation/README.md

# Knowledge Distillation

> [OneFlow](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/oneflow#install-with-pip-package) implement for（Knowledge Distillation, KD）Algorithm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implementation of the knowledge distillation algorithm with [OneFlow](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/oneflow#install-with-pip-package).
```
